Martha has carefully habituated mountain
gorillas to her presence now after a
dozen painstaking years the 14 animals
in her research group trust her
completely
at the moment she is particularly
interested in a 15 year old junior
silverback marimbo an ape at a
crossroads in his life marimbo is really
at that age where he needs to start
being a big mature silverback but at the
same time he still likes to play one of
the things that's really nice when you
see gorillas a very different age
playing is that the older ones really
temper themselves down they'll play
quite gently with with the younger
individuals
marimbo isn't a child anymore for
several weeks he's been spending more
and more time alone he seems ready to
break from his family and try life on
his own but it's a big decision
and like a human teenager leaving home
for the first time he feels torn
you